Adaptation	
Alpha	First part of the Alpha/Beta/Omega line.
Battle Hymn	A wavy line of musical notes flying in the bg as non-descript warrior women like the Watcher but NOT her) rush into battle with fervor in their eyes and/or mouths
Beta	Second part of the Alpha/Beta/Omega line.
Blasphemy	
Bowling Bash	Knocking several enemies into each other
Brilliance	
Calm	This card acts as a description for the calm stance. Used when picking between stances. 
Carve Reality	
Causality	Special card earned from playing Metaphysics 
Clarity	
Cleanse Evil	Wicked Banishment of a spirit- preferably with a giant shiny X
Clear the Mind	
Collect	
Conclude	
Consecrate	A character/watcher morally rejecting a group of dumb monsters
Crescendo	A great building of pressure- Wrath-enabling cards like Eruption/Crescendo/Tantrum should share a visual similarity- whether it be pattern/iconography/color scheme
Crush Joints	
Curse of The Bell	Special curse you get from the Calling Bell relic. Like Necronomicurse. 
Cut Through Fate	Can be like a psychic/spiritual blade weapon 
Deceive Reality	
Defend	
Deus Ex Machina	
Deva Form	This characters version of Demon/Wraith/Echo form. 
Devotion	
Empty Body	Part of a 3 part "Empty" card cycle. Martial art based body hardening technique
Empty Fist	Martial art fist based attack. Part of a 3 part "Empty" card cycle. Should have a distinct visual effect/icon/schema that's shared between them.
Empty Mind	Part of a 3 part "Empty" card cycle.
Eruption	An angry watcher- with a large volcanic-like eruption behind
Establishment	
Evaluate	
Fasting	
Fear No Evil	
Flow State	
Flurry Of Blows	
Flying Sleeves	Striking out with her sleeves as a weapon at range
Follow-Up	
Foreign Influence	
Halt	
Inner Peace	
Insight	
Judgement	We need some form of gavel here- as it'd be hilarious to create a gavel VFX+SFX here
Just Lucky	
Lesson Learned	
Master Reality	A statue or statuesque figure which is admiring or concealing two-distinct powerful forms of energy- one is offensive, the other defensive
Meditate	
Mental Fortress	
Metaphysics	
Miracle	Starting relic gives this card every combat. Should be extremely easy to visually identify. Like a simple holy glowing orb in the center
Nirvana	
Omega	Last part of the Alpha/Beta/Omega line. 
Omniscience	
Path to Victory	Kinda a future sight/precog vibe being used to know the enemies future movements is the reference. 
Perseverance	
Pray	
Prostrate	
Protect	
Ragnarok	An intense banishment of several enemies at once- perhaps through a white or purplish lightning-type effect
Reach Heaven	First part of the "Reach Heaven/Through Violence" card pair. 
Safety	
Sanctity	
Sands of Time	
Scrawl	Furiously writing stuff unto an oversized scroll or a large stone surface
Signature Move	Huge, splashy attack. 
Smite	
Spirit Shield	
Step and Strike	
Strike	
Swivel	
Talk to the Hand	
Tantrum	
Third Eye	The watcher holding the staff's eye in a way that it appears right above her forehead like a psychic's third eye
Through Violence	Second half of the Reach Heaven / Through Violence card combo. 
Truth	
Unraveling	
Vault	Leaping up into the air to dodge the enemies. 
Vengeance	
Vigilance	Cards that say "Enter Calm" should share a visual similarity- whether it be pattern/iconography/color scheme
Wallop	A humongous impactful attack with a blunt weapon (the staff?) against a large enemy right on the top of their head- almost comical.
Wave of the Hand	
Weave	
Windmill Strike	A large wind-mill pattern like strike with a staff
Wireheading	
Wisdom	
Wish	
Worship	
Wrath	This card acts as a description for the wrath stance. Used when picking between stances. 
Wreath of Flame	