a list of references in Slay the Spire

CARDS
	Die Die Die: References what Reaper in Overwatch, says while utilizing Death Blossom.
	J.A.X.: Refers to getting jacked, as in- to get buff.
	Necronomicurse: References the Necronomicon, a book from the Evil Dead series.
	Reach Heaven + Through Violence: A common phrase in Kill Six Billion Demons. A Comic.

EVENTS
	Sensory Stone: References the sensory stones from Planescape: Torment.
	Transmogrifier: References a machine by Calvin in Calvin and Hobbes.
	The Library: Randomly references 1 of 3 novels: Worm (web serial), The Martian, and Wool.
	We Meet Again + Relic Descriptions: Ranwid's name is based on Darwin (anagram).
	World of Goop: The name of this event is a play on the title of a game: World of Goo.

ENEMIES
	Byrd: Bird
	Lagavulin: References Lagavulin, located in Islay, Scotland. A whisky with the same name is produced there.
	Snecko: It's Snake + Gecko.
	Gremlin Nob: References the Warhammer 40k Ork Nob.

RELICS
	Art of War: References the Art of War by Sun Tzu.
	Black Star: References a song by David Bowie.
	Blue Candle: References Blue Candle, an item from The Legend of Zelda.
	Bowling Bash: References a Knight skill from the game Ragnarok Online.
	Brimstone: References the "Brimstone" item from the Binding of Isaac (symbol is hidden in the art).
	Calling Bell: References the Beckoning Bell from Bloodborne.
	Centennial Puzzle: References the Millenium Puzzle from Yu-gi-oh.
	Charon's Ashes: References Charon of Greek Mythology.
	Chemical X: References a chemical of the same name from Power Puff Girls.
	Dead Branch: References the Dead Branch from Ragnarok Online.
	Dolly's Mirror: References Dolly, the first cloned sheep.
	Du-Vu Doll: References Voodoo doll.
	Enchiridion: References the Enchirdion, specifically the one from Adventure Time.
	Fossilized Helix: References Helix Fossil from Pokemon.
	Gold-Plated Cables: Flavor text references plating cables with gold to improve them (hint: it doesn't).
	Golden Idol/Bloody Idol: References the Golden Idol from Spelunky.
	Hand Drill: Visually references Gurren Lagann's comically oversized drills.
	Happy Flower: References the Sunflower from Plants vs Zombies.
	Inserter: This is the Inserter device from Factorio! The image is a yellow Inserter.
	Lee's Waffle: References Lee, friend of the developer- he had a waffle machine at work.
	Melange: Refers to the spice, from the Dune series.
	Necronomicon: References the Necronomicon from Evil Dead.
	Nilry's Codex: References Codex. A tabletop game by Sirlin (Nilry is Sirlin backwards), a game designer.
	Paper Krane: This is an origami paper crane.
	Paper Phrog: This is an origami paper frog.
	Prismatic Shard: Item in Stardew Valley.
	Question Card: References the "? Card" from the Binding of Isaac.
	Shovel: Visually references the shovel used by Shovel Knight.
	The Specimen: Visually references Kaiman from Dorohedoro.
	Toxic Egg: Visually references Alien.
	Violet Lotus: A purple version of Black Lotus, a Magic: The Gathering card.
	Void Essence: Item in Stardew Valley.
	Wing Boots: References Boots of Travel from Dota.
